Hi welcome back.
I hope you are really excited.
Well this section here we're going to be creating the log in functionalities of the CMOS is going to
be great.
We're going at a logging in right here.
We're going to process the form check the database for users or passwords and then depending on that.
So we're going to either redirect the user to the admin or redirect them back to index page.
Now before we go on I want to I just want to say congratulations because if you made it this far you
are different from 95 percent of the people out there.
A lot of people give up and they don't see it through the end.
If you see this through the end you're going to see the fruit of your hard work because right now what
you're doing is dedicating your time to something that is very valuable and is going to give you a lot
of things in the future.
Positive things.
Knowledge is power and what development can change your life.
But anyway let me not keep going about that I get too poetic anyways.
So the first thing that we're going to be doing is creating the sidebar here right.
So again I'm super happy for you that you made it this far.
But we've got to keep going.
Right.
So let's go to the sidebar.
Let's go to the root directory on your see a mass and if you don't know where you are.
Let me give me one.
Give me one second let me take you back there just to make sure that we are on the same page.
All right.
So we're going to see a mass and you're going to be right here in the room when I say rude.
This is where you are.
And then we go to includes And we're going to get to sidebar OK.
So let me just take that off since we don't need it.
Right.
So we're going to go includes sidebar in here.
We're going to be building the little logo form that we need.
All right.
We're going to be doing this by copy and paste in this blog search.
We already got it right here right.
Why.
Why write all that code when we have the basic structure right here the markup so I'm going to call
this log in of course.
All right.
And now we've got to do a little couple of modifications here because this is going to be a logging
for form.
And we're going to take people we haven't build this page yet but we're going to take them to includes
the logging forums are going to be in site includes And it's going to be called Logan ph.
Of course the Met is going to be post form group is fine.
This input we need to change and we need to change the input to tell us find search.
No this is going to be the user name and we're probably going to put a placeholder here let's just add
a placeholder.
I'm going to put this form all the way to the left there so that way you can see what I'm doing.
So let's put a placeholder.
I'm going to do it right after the class right here.
Placeholder and I'm just going to say enter name enter user name user name.
All right.
And this is for input group input group is too big.
All right so I'm just going to take this button right here.
Search.
So I'm just going to take that out.
All right.
And see how that looks right now.
Let's go to the front of the Silas refresh it and we see that we have this blocked search.
We've got to change the title and we need to change a couple of things so they then put there used to
make it look nice.
All right.
So remember that all this classes this is a framework that I'm using called Bootstrap and I have another
course on that Bootstrap which shows you how to make a responsive Wes's applications very easily with
this framework.
Right.
But we already have the framework installed.
So we just got to make some of this work.
So so we have this input here.
Let's do another input group right.
Let's call this save that let's call it Logan.
All right so this type is going to be password array
password and names are going to be password to placeholder is going to be password into password.
All right.
So let's let's check that out and see how it looks.
And we need to change the input group.
We need to give this whole thing a a form group that's a whole.
That's the whole reason why this is actually not looking good.
Because it has something called the input group and we don't we don't need to improve Garou right here.
All right.
But anyway let's go back and check on this.
She looks all right.
Her eyes started to look a little better now but we still need to try to work it really good.
Right.
So now that we have this what we need to do is add I'm going to change this poor girl to one group right
here this class and let's see how that looks.
Now refresh now that stands all the way across OK that's why we won here on this one.
All right.
The one below we're going to do a little something a little different there.
All right now on top let's just leave it like that.
Right.
So on this one here just going to make this a little smaller so that I can work with it.
Here we can add a couple of things I don't want you to get to Los on on what I'm going to do right because
it might look a little bit that's for you but it's not just the little framework that I use and all
you have to do is basically copy what I'm doing right now.
All right.
So we're going to be adding a spam right here and say this one.
And the spam we're going to be adding a class of show you right now.
Class of input group Betty.
All right.
We're going to be what we want to do is we want to create a button right here on the right side.
It's going to be stuck to this field right here.
Right.
And again this is using a framework.
All right so now that we have that we're going to we need to create a button right here.
And of course we need to put a couple things on the button first we need to give the button a class
so to make it look good.
Couple of classes actually.
So VTAM and then VTM primary.
Right then we need to give a little attribute because we need to know that we need to receive this somewhere
else so we're going to give it in that review of and then the name Actually you to give it a value of
luck getting it right.
And this is going to be a types of Mitt.
Make sure you put that type in there make sure that we know is a button there right.
All right so that's that's all we've got to do for this one here and that's it.
That's about it.
That's what we need for this and a little spam right here another issue another spam.
And let's give this a class of actually this and let's not even class let's just say call submit submit
that's fine.
I think we're good to go we are golden.
See how that looks now.
All right refresh perfect.
Look at that.
Looking good right.
And we just did that with a little with this framework.
Now if you want to do that VSC says doing it yourself you know that takes a long time to write with
it it's like within two minutes right.
All right.
Perfect.
So now we have the form here and we are sending it to the include.
So when we click on it let's just check it out click on it.
He sends us to enclose Logan up here.
So we are done creating the form in front of it in front of the site on the next lecture we're going
to be continuing this and creating the rest of the day for that we need to process some of these BHB
that's going to come some of these values that are going on that are going through this form right here.
Right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture and I see you the next one.
Take care.